hello everyone let's explain in this
day what we have the model of the
fluid mosaic of a re-provision of
the plasma sister we go with a
little bit of history the mosaic model
fluid is a model presented in 1972
by sj singer and garmin course
all the components of the membrane
phospholipids and proteins are
arranged and organized in the manner of
a mosaic that is a mosaic a mosaic
is that which is made up of different
elements both the solid and the
whole proteins and groups
proteins are molecules have cited the
sympathetic term refers to that
this fluid mosaic model has the
ability to have two behaviors
one hydrophobic and one hydro- clinical are
molecules with double behavior in
relation to hydro lytic water
hydrophobic it was found that the
whole proteins or caries of the
membranes just like he used them lipids
present in hydrophobic regions and
hydrophilic regions
Whole proteins are those that
they cross the membrane and appear in both
sides of the phospholipid layer the
most of these proteins are
glycoproteins proteins that have
united one several several ways
monosaccharides the carbohydrate part
of the molecule is always of each
decade outside the cell
the physical part of the bank that
stands out about the husband these
politicians while the region
hydrophobic remains on the inner side
sea phospholipid
these unfriendly molecules form
Liquid crystalline aggregates in the
ares groups which are directed
bed and the non-polar ones are located
within the habitat the proteins
integral are those that stand out from
sea ​​said sun and pi 2 this means
that cross the sea of ​​phospholipids and
they give him a movement of translation and
rotating is why the membrane
it is not static
some whole proteins have
attached to the internal side a small
globular proteins called proteins
peripherals these act as pillars or
columns in the organization of the mosaic
fluid the peripheral proteins do not
they are in all the transporters but
in adhered to something not proteins
peripherals these do not extend to what
width of the uvi layer but these
are attached to the internal surface
or external of it and they separate
easily from the same
some cargo adapt their shape to the
passage of substances in the form of channels
Protein a protein channel is a
set of proteins by which
they transfer the substances to enter the
leave the cell
the fluid mosaic the plasma membrane
is not a static structure their
components can move what you
provides a certain fluidity the fluency is
one of the most characteristic
important membrane depends on
factors such as temperature when
increases the temperature inside the
cell fluency langan increases the
nature of lipids presence
of unsaturated lipids and chain
short favor the increase of vines
the presence of cholesterol and hardens
the membranes reducing their fluidity and
permeability providing stability
with the data offered by the
electron microscopy and analyzes
biochemical this model has been developed
of the membrane characteristics of
fluid mosaic model
the membrane is like a fluid mosaic in
wherein the bilayer is the base or support
the proteins are incorporated or
associated with it interacting ones with
others and with the lipids both
proteins like lipids can
move the membranes laterally
are asymmetric structures in terms of
the distribution of its components
basically of the carbohydrates that
they are only found on the outer side
we have represented a glycoprotein with
two wounds is because we
we crush a syringe that
would symbolize the passage of substances we see
that inside the membrane
plasma also between the substance
later enter the cell and of
the same way for the exit the
substance
would push in this case the glycoprotein
to leave the membrane and thus the
cell and this is all about the model
of we have echoed fluid
thank you very much for seeing us
how